docs/rst/adjective.rst, before:

Adjectives
=================================

BooleanAdjective
-----------------

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.BooleanAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

PointerAdjective
----------------

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.PointerAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

QuantitativePointerAdjective
----------------------------

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.QuantitativePointerAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

NodesGroupPointerAdjective
--------------------------

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.NodesGroupPointerAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

ComparisonAdjective
-------------------

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.ComparisonAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:


MaxRankAdjective
----------------

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.MaxRankAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

MinRankAdjective
----------------

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.MinRankAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:


Adjective classes for internal use
----------------------------------

Main Adjective Class
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.Adjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

AuxiliaryAdjective
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.AuxiliaryAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

_RankAdjective
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective._RankAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

Commit message:

Added an intro to adjectives

docs/rst/adjective.rst, after:

Adjectives
=================================
Adjectives constitute predicates by getting attributed to a node.
Only nodes can have adjectives.
A predicate in the Framework looks like:
node is <adjective> (BooleanAdjective)
node has <adjective> = value (PointerAdjective)
node <adjective> than node2 (RankingAdjective)

BooleanAdjective
-----------------

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.BooleanAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

PointerAdjective
----------------

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.PointerAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

QuantitativePointerAdjective
----------------------------

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.QuantitativePointerAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

NodesGroupPointerAdjective
--------------------------

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.NodesGroupPointerAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

ComparisonAdjective
-------------------

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.ComparisonAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:


MaxRankAdjective
----------------

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.MaxRankAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

MinRankAdjective
----------------

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.MinRankAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:


Adjective classes for internal use
----------------------------------

Main Adjective Class
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.Adjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

AuxiliaryAdjective
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective.AuxiliaryAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:

_RankAdjective
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. autoclass:: src.explainer.adjective._RankAdjective
    :members: __init__
    :undoc-members:
    :show-inheritance:
